docs: add docs for spec-strict-refs rule (#1118)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/rules/spec-strict-refs.md

# spec-strict-refs

Checks that `$ref` is only used in the locations permitted by the OpenAPI specification.

| OAS | Compatibility |
| --- | ------------- |
| 2.0 | ✅            |
| 3.0 | ✅            |
| 3.1 | ✅            |

## API design principles

> This rule is for spec correctness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule ensures adherence to OpenAPI specification standards.
```

> Allows to use the `$ref` keyword exclusively for references to elements that may be inside the component section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It limits  use of the `$ref` keyword to only references for elements that may be inside the component section.
```

It can be useful when other tools are integrated into the API workflow that demands strict adherence to the specifications.

List of elements the `$ref` can be used with:

- Schema
- Response
- Parameter
- Example
- RequestBody
- Header
- SecurityScheme
- Link
- Callback
- PathItem

## Configuration

> To configure the rule, add it to the `rules` object in your configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the rule, add it to the `rules` object in your configuration file, and
```

> Set the desired [severity](/docs/cli/rules.md#severity-settings) for the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set the desired [severity](/docs/cli/rules.md#severity-settings).
```

```yaml
rules:
  spec-strict-refs: error
```

## Configuration

| Option   | Type   | Description                              |
| -------- | ------ | ---------------------------------------- |

> | severity | string | Possible values: `off`, `warn`, `error`. |

Reviewer: Should we explain the difference between warn and error? What happens for an error vs. a warning?

> An example configuration:

Reviewer: Again, not sure this example is necessary since you have a section below with the exact same example.

Author: These configurations are the same, but they are parts of different sections

```yaml
rules:
  spec-strict-refs: error
```

## Examples

Given this configuration:

```yaml
rules:
  spec-strict-refs: error
```

Example of **incorrect** use of `$ref`:

```yaml Example
responses:
'200':
  description: successful operation
  content:
    application/json:
      schema:
        type: object
        properties:
          $ref: './properties.yaml'
          name:

>             type: string

Reviewer 2: You missed the indentation.

```

Example of **correct** use of `$ref`:

```yaml Example
responses:

> '200':

Reviewer 2: The same as above.

# spec-strict-refs

> Restricts the usage of the `$ref` keyword.

Reviewer 3: Let's instead say something like "Check that $ref is only used in the locations permitted by the OpenAPI specification." I think it helps to give a bit more context about why you'd want that.

|OAS|Compatibility|
|---|---|
|2.0|✅|
|3.0|✅|
|3.1|✅|

## API design principles

This rule is for spec correctness.

> Allows to use the `$ref` keyword exclusively for references to elements that may be inside the component section

Reviewer 3: Let's also explain that this is useful if you have other tools in your API workflow that require tight compliance with the spec.
